Add doc for ADOT Collector SSM support (#101)
aws-otel/aws-otel.github.io: src/docs/setup/ec2.mdx

<img src={img10} alt="Diagram" style="margin: 30px 0;" />
<div style="height: 40px" />

<SectionSeparator />

## Install AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry Collector on EC2 instance using AWS Systems Manager Distributor

> To use [AWS Systems Manager Distributor](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/distributor.html) to install AWSDistroOTel-Collector package, the EC2 instance need to meet follwoing requiements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use [AWS Systems Manager Distributor](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/distributor.html) to install AWS OTel Collector on EC2 instances, the target EC2 instances need to meet following requirements.
```

Reviewer: `AWSDistroOTel-Collector package` is an internal name for SSM to pull the AWS OTel Collector. Can we update it to `AWS OTel Collector` as suggested above?

Author: Done

* SSM agent version 2.3.1550.0 or later installed
* Permissions Policy AmazonSSMManagedInstanceCore attached in IAM Role of EC2 instance

To install AWSDistroOTel-Collector package using AWS Systems Manager Distributor.

1. Based on your preferences, prepare AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry Collector YAML configuration file according to [AWS OTel Collector Configuration](https://github.com/aws-observability/aws-otel-collector/#aws-otel-collector-configuration).

> 2. Copy AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry Collector YAML configuration file encoded as Base64 to a new SSM parameter in [SSM Parameter Store](https://us-west-2.console.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/parameters/).

Reviewer: Can we put a note here why do we need to encode plain YAML config to Base64 format?

Author: Done

    * For Linux, `base64 -w0 config.yaml > aoc-config-base64.txt`
    * For Windows, `certutil.exe -f -encodehex config.yaml aoc-config-base64.txt 0x40000001`
    * For MacOSX, `base64 -i config.yaml -o aoc-config-base64.txt` 

> 3. Navigate to the [SSM Distributor](https://console.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/distributor) console and open the Owned by Amazon tab. Select AWSDistroOTel-Collector and choose Install one time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to the [SSM Distributor](https://console.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/distributor) console and open the `Owned by Amazon` tab. Select AWSDistroOTel-Collector and choose `Install one time`.
```

Author: Done

4. Update the SSM parameter you created in the first step by replacing "Additional Arguments" with the following (e.g. SSM parameter name is "aoc-config-base64"):
```
{"SSM_CONFIG": "{{ssm:aoc-config-base64}}"}
```

5. Continue to select the EC2 instance in Targets and click Run button to start installation.

> 

Reviewer: how about select ec2 ASG?

Author: Add link to SSM Distributor document for more installation options.
